Somewhere where we can be more alone.
Flyin 'like an airplane
Faster than the fallin 'rain
Come on.
My brain is in the cirrus clouds
Scattered in American crowds
Runnin 'like a diesel train
Racin ' from my heart through the pain
Pushin ' the unmovable clouds
I know I ha ve to make it somehow
Flyin 'like an airplane
Faster than the fallin 'rain
My brain is in the cirrus clouds
Scattered in American crowds
(OMINOUS M USIC)
What's wrong?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Get away.
Scott?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
-Scott?
-Get away from me.
(GROWLING)
(SCREAMING)
(PANICKED BREATHING)
(SCREAMS)
(WHIMPERING)
-So you killed her?
-I don't know.
I just woke up.
And I was sweating Iike crazy,
and I couldn't breathe.
I've never had a dream where I woke up
Iike that before.
Really? I have.
Usually ends a Iittle differently.
A, I meant I've never had a dream
that felt that real,
and B, never give me that much detail
about you in bed again.
Noted. Let me take a guess here.
No, I know,
you think it has something to do
with me going out with AIIison tomorrow.
Like I'm gonna Iose control and
rip her throat out.
No, of course not.
Yeah, that's totally it.
You know, it's not Iike there's
a Lycanthropy for Beginners class
you can take.
Yeah, not a class, but maybe a teacher.
Who, Derek?
You forgetting the part where we got
him tossed in jail?
Yeah, I know, but chasing her,
dragging her to the back of the bus,
it felt so real.
How real?
Like it actually happened.
I think it did.
STILES: She's probably fine.
She's not answering my texts, Stiles.
It could just be a coincidence, all right?
A seriously amazing coincidence.
Just help me find her, okay?
-Do you see her?
-No.
(HEARTBEAT THUMPING)
(GROANS)
(YELLS)
You scared the hell outta me.
You're okay.
Once my heart starts beating again, yeah.
What?
I'm just happy to see you.
Attention, students, this is your principal.
I know you're all wondering
about the incident that occurred last night
to one of our buses.
While the police work to
determine what happened,
classes will proceed as scheduled.
-(STUDENTS GROAN)
-Thank you.
Save me a seat at Iunch?
Yeah.
What are you Iooking at, asswipe?
Maybe it was my blood on the door.
Could have been animal blood.
You know, maybe you caught
a rabbit or something.
And did what?
-Ate it.
-Raw?
No, you stopped to bake it
in a Iittle werewolf oven.
I don't know, you're the one
who can't remember anything.
Mr. Stilinski,
if that's your idea of a hushed whisper,
you might want to pull the headphones out
every once in a while.
I think you and Mr. McCall would
benefit from a Iittle distance, yes?
No.
Let me know if the separation anxiety
gets to be too much.
(SCOFFS)
Hey, I think they found something.
That's not a rabbit.
(YELLS)
(ALL SCREAM)
Okay.
This is good, this is good.
He got up, he's not dead.
Dead guys can't do that.
Stiles...
I did that.
But dreams aren't memories.
Then it wasn't a dream.
Something happened Iast night,
and I can't remember what.
What makes you so sure that
Derek even has all the answers?
Because during the full moon
he wasn't changed.
He was in total control
while I was running around
in the middle of the night
attacking some totally innocent guy.
-You don't know that.
-I don't not know it.
-I can't go out with AIIison. I have to cancel.
-No, you're not canceling, okay?
You can't just cancel your entire Iife.
We'II figure it out.
Figure what out?
Ha!
Just, uh, homework.
Yeah.
Why is she sitting with us?
Thanks.
(CHUCKLES)
Get up.
How come you never ask Danny to get up?
Because I don't stare
at his girlfriend's coin slot.
So I hear they're saying
it's some type of animal attack.
-Probably a cougar.
-I heard mountain Iion.
A cougar is a mountain Iion. Isn't it?
Who cares?
The guy's probably some homeless
tweaker who's gonna die anyway.
Actually, I just found out who it is.
Check it out.
MALE REPORTER: The Sheriff's Department
won't speculate on details ofthe incident
but confirmed the victim, Garrison Meyers,
did survive the attack.
Meyers was taken to a local hospital
where he remains in critical condition.
-I know this guy.
-ALLISON: You do?
Yeah, when I used to take the bus
back when I Iived with my dad.
He was the driver.
Can we talk about something
slightly more fun, please?
Like, oh, where are we going
tomorrow night?
You said you and Scott were hanging out
tomorrow night, right?
Um, we were thinking of
what we were gonna do.
Well, I am not sitting home again
watching Iacrosse videos,
so if the four of us are hanging out,
we are doing something fun.
Hanging out?
Like, the four of us?
Do you wanna hang out, Iike us and them?
Yeah, I guess. Sounds fun.
You know what else sounds fun?
Stabbing myself in the face with this fork.
How about bowling? You Iove to bowl.
Yeah, with actual competition.
How do you know
we're not actual competition?
You can bowl, right?
-Sort of.
-Is it sort of, or yes?
Yes.
In fact, I'm a great bowler.
-You're a terrible bowler.
-I know! I'm such an idiot.
God, it was Iike watching a car wreck.
I mean, first it turned into
the whole group date thing.
And then out of nowhere
comes that phrase.
Hang out.
You don't hang out with hot girls, okay?
It's Iike death.
Once it's hanging out,
you might as well be her gay best friend.
You and Danny can start hanging out.
How is this happening?
I either killed a guy or I didn't.
I don't think Danny Iikes me very much.
I ask AIIison on a date,
and now we're hanging out.
Am I not attractive to gay guys?
I make first Iine, and the team captain
wants to destroy me, and now...
-Now I'm gonna be Iate for work.
-Wait, Scott, you didn't...
Am I attractive to gay guy...
You didn't answer my question.
Sorry. Sorry.
You're all of two minutes Iate.
I just don't want you to think I'm slacking.
Scott, I guarantee you, you're one
of the Ieast slacking kids in this town.
Hey, I see somebody's
ready to get their stitches out.
Hey there, Scott.
You staying out of trouble?
(WHIMPERING)
Yeah.
Hey, Iisten, while I'm here,
you mind taking a Iook at those
pictures I was telling you about?
Sacramento still can't
determine an animal.
I'm not exactly an expert.
This is the guy
who was attacked in the bus?
Yeah.
And we found wolf hairs
on Laura Hale's body.
A wolf?
I mean, I think I read somewhere
that wolves haven't been
in California for, Iike, 60 years.
True enough,
but wolves are highly migratory.
They could have wandered in
from another state
driven by impulse
or strong enough memory.
Wolves have memories?
Longer-term memories, yes.
If associated with a primal drive.
-See this one here?
-STILINSKI: Yeah.
Those are claw marks.
A wolf would have gone for the throat
or the spinal cord with its teeth.
So what do you think, it's a mountain Iion?
I don't know.
A wolf could chase down its prey,
hobbling it by tearing at the ankles.
(SCREAMING)
And then the throat.
Is my beautiful, talented, and wonderful
son actually bringing me dinner?
Thought you wouldn't mind
skipping the cafeteria tonight.
You are the most thoughtful, Ioving,
most conniving Iittle con artist ever.
You are so not getting
the car tomorrow night.
-Mom.
-What?
There's a curfew, no car.
But I will take this.
Love you.
Love you, too.
(SIGHS)
Mr. Meyers.
Are you okay?
(GROANING AND SCREAMING)
What the hell are you doing in here?
Get out! Now, go!
Go, go!
(SCREAMING)
It Iooks pretty deserted, dispatch.
Did you want me to take a Iook inside?
Unit 16, it's county property.
Order's to make sure it's vacant.
I don't... I don't think anyone's home.
For the love of God, 16,
go inside and see ifanyone's in there.
Copy that.
(DOG BARKS)
Don't do that.
(DOG BARKING)
Okay, I'm coming.
I'm coming.
(BARKING CONTINUES)
I know you can hear me.
I need your help.
Okay.
I know I was part of you getting arrested
and that we basically announced
you being here to the hunters.
I also don't know
what happened to your sister.
But I think I did something Iast night.
I had a dream about someone.
But someone else got hurt.
And it turns out that part of the dream
might have actually happened.
You think you attacked the driver?
-Did you see what I did Iast night?
-No.
Can you at Ieast tell me the truth?
-Am I gonna hurt someone?
-Yes.
-Could I kill someone?
-Am I gonna kill someone?
-Probably.
Look, I can show you how to remember.
I can show you how to control the shift,
even on a full moon.
But it's not gonna come for free.
What do you want?
You'II find out.
But for now, I'm gonna
give you what you want.
Go back to the bus.
Go inside. See it, feel it.
Let your senses, your sight, smell, touch.
Let them remember for you.
That's it?
-Just go back?
-Do you want to know what happened?
-I just want to know if I hurt him.
-No, you don't.
You want to know if you'II hurt her.
Hey, no, just me.
Someone needs to keep watch.
How come I'm always the guy
keeping watch?
Because there's only two of us.
Okay, why's it starting to feel Iike
you're Batman and I'm Robin?
I don't want to be Robin all the time.
Nobody's Batman and Robin
any of the time.
Not even some of the time?
Just stay here.
Oh, my God! Fine.
(DISTANT HOWLING)
(HOWLING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SCREAMS)
(GASPS)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
Aah!
(PANTING)
(SCREAMING)
(GASPS)
(RAIN PATTERING)
(HORN HONKING)
(PANTING)
Come on, come on, come on.
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Did it work? Did you remember?
Yeah, I was there Iast night.
And the blood, a Iot of it was mine.
-So you did attack him?
-No.
I saw glowing eyes in the bus,
but they weren't mine.
-It was Derek.
-What about the driver?
I think I was actually trying to protect him.
Wait, why would Derek help you remember
that he attacked the driver?
-That's what I don't get.
-It's got to be a pack thing.
-What do you mean?
-Like an initiation. You do the kill together.
Because ripping someone's throat out
is a real bonding experience?
Yeah, but you didn't do it,
which means you're not a killer.
-And it also means that...
-I can go out with AIIison.
I was gonna say it means you won't kill me.
Oh, yeah.
That too.
Mmm, pass.
Pass.
Let me see.
Pass. Pass. Pass on all of it.
God, AIIison, respect for your taste
is dwindling by the second.
(LAUGHS)
Hmm.
This.
(DOOR OPENS)
Dad, hello.
Right. I'm sorry.
I completely forgot to knock.
Hi, Mr. Argent.
Dad, do you need something?
I wanted to tell you that
you'II be staying in tonight.
What? I'm going out
with my friends tonight.
Not when some animal out there
is attacking people.
Dad, Dad...
It's out of my hands. There's a curfew.
No one's allowed out past 9:30 p.m.
Hey,
no more arguing.
(SIGHS)
(SCOFFS)
Someone's daddy's Iittle girl.
Sometimes. But not tonight.
What are you doing?
Eight years gymnastics. Are you coming?
I'II take the stairs.
You really Iook Iike
you know what you're doing.
Used to bowl with my dad.
When was the Iast time you bowled?
Uh, at a birthday party...
When I was eight.
(WAlT UPPLAYING)
You never get nervous anymore
So wait up
What did you want me to say?
Hey!
What did you want me to do?
I'm so bad at this.
Inside the lines
Gotta catch 'em in a paper cup
You never know when to change your luck
Somebody brought their A game.
Good job.
So introduce me to your friends
With the music and the lights
and everything
Whoo! Yes!
You're up, McCall.
You can do it, Scott.
(JACKSON LAUGHING)
ALLISON: Jackson?
Mind shutting up?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm just flashing back to the words
"I'm a great bowler."
Maybe he just needs a Iittle warm-up.
Yeah, maybe he just needs
the kiddy bumpers.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Just... Just aim for the middle.
How about you aim for anything
except for the gutter?
Let him concentrate.
(EXHALES)
Come on, just one pin, please.
JACKSON: Oh!
(LAUGHING)
Oh, great job, McCall.
Man, you are a pro.
Don't worry.
We only just started.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(SLOW ROCK MUSIC)
ALLISON: Scott.
-You're thinking too much.
-I know, I'm sorry, I'm ruining this.
No, no, not at all,
but I wouldn't mind shutting them up,
so just clear your head
and think about something else.
-Like what?
-Anything.
Think about me.
Naked.
(TEMPO OF MUSIC INCREASES)
What did you say to him?
I just gave him something to think about.
(GAS PUMP BEEPING)
CHRIS: Nice ride.
BIack cars, though.
Very hard to keep clean.
I would definitely suggest
a Iittle more maintenance.
If you have something this nice,
you want to take care of it, right?
Personally, I'm very protective
of the things I Iove.
But that's something
I Iearned from my family.
And you don't have
much of that these days.
Do you?
There we go.
You can actually
Iook through your windshield now.
See how that makes everything
so much clearer?
You forgot to check the oil.
Check the man's oil.
Looks good to me.
Drive safely.
(ALLISON LAUGHS)
That is seriously amazing.
-Jackson, how many strikes is that?
-It's six.
In a row.
Something just clicked, I guess.
-Maybe it's natural talent.
-I could use some natural talent.
You mind helping me out this time, Scott?
No, you're good. Go for it.
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
Hey, I'II help.
How about I just try this on my own?
I think I'm getting the hang of it.
That was sort of perfect form.
Was it?
Maybe you should stop
pretending to suck just for his benefit.
Trust me, I do plenty of sucking
just for his benefit.
(PINBALL MACHINE RINGING)
(SIGHS)
Nice shot, man.
Listen, I know
we both didn't want to be here.
But the thing is
we don't have to hate each other.
I don't hate you.
I just don't believe you.
You know, you got everyone thinking
everything's fine and normal about you,
but I know something's off.
You cheated tonight.
-How do you cheat in bowling?
-I don't know, but you did.
And I don't know
if it's steroids or something weirder.
I'm guessing something weirder
since it's pretty obvious that you're a freak.
So don't think for a second
I've given up on finding out
what your Iittle secret is.
I don't have any secrets.
Yeah, you do. And here's the other thing.
I don't know why,
but I think whatever it is you're hiding,
you don't want her
to find out about it, either.
(BELLS RINGING)
DEREK: Open your eyes.
Open your eyes.
Look at me.
What do you remember?
Hale.
How do you know my name?
I'm sorry.
How do you know me?
WOMAN ON PA:
Dr. Damon, telephone, please.
Girl, I am out of here.
There's a DVR at home
full of unwatched TV,
waiting to remind me
how ridiculously single I really am.
(ALARM BEEPING)
Rose, call a code, Room 137.
(MONITOR BEEPING)
So do you think
we could hang out again soon?
Definitely.
But I have to admit something.
I'm not big on group dates.
So next time,
just the two of us.
I could totally handle more of that.
Great.
AIIison?
Lord knows, you're seeing it all
It all
Ifyour heart's on fire
Showing you what one may see
Just give him your Sunday smile
And I could handle more of that.
(SIGHS) Hey, Scott, I'm gonna go to...
SIeep.
(WHISPERS) Seriously.
(THUD)
Oh, no, no!
(SCREAMING)
Stiles, what the hell are you doing here?
What am I doing?
God, do either of you even play baseball?
What?
Can you please tell your friend
to use the front door?
But we Iock the front door.
He wouldn't be able to get in.
Yeah, exactly.
And, by the way, do either of you care
that there's a police-enforced curfew?
-BOTH: No.
-No. AII right then.
Well, you know what?
That's about enough parenting for me
for one night,
-so good night.
-Good night.
(SIGHS)
What?
My dad Ieft for the hospital 15 minutes ago.
It's the bus driver.
They said he succumbed to his wounds.
Succumbed?
Scott, he's dead.
Derek! I know you're here!
I know what you did!
DEREK: (ECHOING) I didn't do anything.
You killed him!
DEREK: He died.
Like your sister died?
My sister was missing.
-I came here Iooking for her.
-You found her.
I found her in pieces,
being used as bait to catch me.
SCOTT: I think you killed them both.
I'm gonna tell everyone,
starting with the sheriff.
(GRUNTS)
(ROARS)
(SPITTING)
Huh.
That was cute.
(BONES CRUNCHING)
(GROWLING)
(ROARS)
(HEAVY METAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GROWLING)
(GROWLS)
(PANTING AND GROANING)
(BONES CRUNCHING)
(SCOTT GROANING)
I didn't kill him.
Neither of us did.
It's not your fault, and it's not mine.
This?
This is all your fault!
You ruined my Iife!
No, I didn't.
You're the one who bit me!
No, I'm not.
What!
I'm not the one that bit you.
(SCREAMING)
-There's another.
-It's called an AIpha.
It's the most dangerous of our kind.
You and I, we're Betas.
This thing is more powerful,
more animal than either of us.
My sister came here Iooking for him.
Now I'm trying to find him.
But I don't think I can do it without you.
Why me?
Because he's the one that bit you.
You're part of his pack.
It's you, Scott.
You're the one he wants.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
English - US - SDH